Update CountryCodeAlpha3.md for clarity and accuracy (#1429)
spdx/spdx-3-model: model/Core/Datatypes/CountryCodeAlpha3.md

## Summary

> A string containing an assigned ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 country code.

Reviewer: “A string containing an assigned ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 country code.”
A datatype does not “contain” anything; it constrains the form of a string. Using “containing” suggests the value is a container of a couuntrycode, which is a property . 

See LanguageTag -> A string constrained to the IETF BCP 47 language tag format,
See MediaType -> is a string constrained to the [RFC 2046 MIME Part Two: Media Types](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/rfc2046/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string constrained to the ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 three-letter uppercase format.
```

## Description

> The value shall be an uppercase three-letter country code assigned by [ISO 3166-1 alpha-3](https://www.iso.org/obp/ui/#iso:std:iso:3166:-1) at the time the SPDX element is created.

Reviewer: is this mixing the datatype’s lexical constraint with a temporal semantic requirement?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value shall be an uppercase three-letter country code assigned by [ISO 3166-1 alpha-3](https://www.iso.org/obp/ui/#iso:std:iso:3166:-1) 
```

Author: I do think this is important in that the ISO alpha-3 country codes do change.  We solve this in the SPDX listed license reference by including a license list version as a field.  The ISO 3166 standard, on the other hand, uses a year designation - so a creation date would be more appropriate.

Reviewer: i thought in OWL datatypes are static, timeless constraints. 
From https://www.w3.org/TR/owl2-syntax/#Datatypes
a datatype has three properties:
    A [·value space·](https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema11-2/#dt-value-space), which is a set of values.
    A [·lexical space·](https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema11-2/#dt-lexical-space), which is a set of [·literals·](https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema11-2/#dt-literal) used to denote the values.
    A small collection of functions, relations, and procedures associated with the datatype.  Included are equality and (for some datatypes) order relations on the [·value space·](https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema11-2/#dt-value-space), and a [·lexical mapping·](https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema11-2/#dt-lexical-mapping), which is a mapping from the [·lexical space·](https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema11-2/#dt-lexical-space) into the [·value space·](https://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema11-2/#dt-value-space).

None of these properties references when an element is created. They are sets and functions defined once, independent of any instance.

It introduces ambiguity. What does "created" mean? When the SPDX document is serialized? When the element is added to a graph?  This is not a clearly defined boundary, and it makes the specification harder to implement consistently. Not all uses of [/Core/CountryCodeAlpha3](https://spdx.github.io/spdx-spec/v3.1-dev/model/Core/Datatypes/CountryCodeAlpha3/) are subclass of Element see https://spdx.github.io/spdx-spec/v3.1-dev/model/Operations/Classes/ExportControlClassification/ with the [exportingCountry](https://spdx.github.io/spdx-spec/v3.1-dev/model/Operations/Properties/exportingCountry/) 

while in the ExportControlClassification would use the ExportControlClassificationAssessment [creationInfo](https://spdx.github.io/spdx-spec/v3.1-dev/model/Core/Properties/creationInfo/) [created](https://spdx.github.io/spdx-spec/v3.1-dev/model/Core/Properties/created/)

The Time constant should be put in the Properties or as a Note that is nonNomitive.

> The pattern constraint validates only the lexical form; it does not establish that the value is an assigned ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 code. Implementations should validate values against the applicable ISO code list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The pattern constraint validates only the lexical form; it does not establish that the value is an assigned ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 code. Implementations should validate the value against the applicable ISO 3166-1 list (e.g., the version current at the time the SPDX element is created) when semantic correctness is required.
```
That might better as a note.
